Add Release Notes (#55)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-monitor: docs/rst/notes/notes.rst

.. _release_notes:

#############
Version 0.1.0
#############

> This is the first release of FastDDS Monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first release of *eProsima* Fast DDS Monitor.
```
